USWDS-Site: Combine "What's new" and "News and updates pages (#2958)
uswds/uswds-site: pages/whats-new/all-news.md

> ---
> title: All news and updates
> layout: post
> permalink: /about/whats-new/all/
> category: About
> type: posts
> ---
> 
> {% capture lead %}
> Here's the full listing of all USWDS product updates, articles, case studies and more.
> {% endcapture %}
> {% include lead.html text=lead %}

Reviewer: It looks like this is the only page setting and including the lead in this way (the rest are done in `layout`.

**Suggestion (non-blocking):** Since this page isn't a post, it looks like we can use the `styleguide` layout and set the lead in the front matter like similar pages.

```suggestion
---
title: All news and updates
layout: styleguide
permalink: /about/whats-new/all/
category: About
lead: Here's the full listing of all USWDS product updates, articles, case studies and more.
type: posts
---
```
